fix configuration nits and others (#670)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sdks/marketing-analytics-browser/index.md

|---|----|---|
|`attribution.disabled`| `boolean`. Whether disable the attribution tracking.| `false` |
|`attribution.excludeReferrers`| `string[]`. Exclude the attribution tracking for the provided referrers string | Including all referrers by default. | 

> |`attribution.initialEmptyValue`| `string`. Custom the init empty value for attribution related user properties to any string value | `EMPTY` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`attribution.initialEmptyValue`| `string`. Customize the initial empty value for attribution related user properties to any string value | `EMPTY` |
```
